what's up cuz you can how are you doing
today so I was actually going to
livestream today but total change of
plans
after one tweet from a person named
Jeffrey now I'm totally going to
livestream soon so make sure you hit
that notification belt so you get
notified when I go live I don't know if
it's gonna be a general Q&A and like a
fun calling subscribers video or it
might be a Adobe Premiere
behind-the-scenes how I edit editing my
shame like I've done in the past let me
know in the comments what you want to
see this is a different type of video
today I watched a video that this person
Jeffery or a kid he's 16 years old that
Jeffery made it's about my life so it's
basically around like yes I'm in New
York City living the dream I got my
office I'm stoked on life but he must
have downloaded literally like 50 of my
videos and then cut them all together in
the supercut and it's so good if you're
new to the PG fam it's gonna be really
interesting to see kind of like all of
the people in my life that maybe you
haven't seen yet and see kind of the
progress I've made in the past year so
basically this is kind of just a Sarah
deechi recap video yes I'm doing tech
reviews or maybe doing tutorials because
I want you all to know how to live your
best that creative life at the same time
I'm sharing my friends and family and
just how I'm living life in the
different cities I'm living and so it
was kind of a reminder of that and I'm
super thankful for you guys so without
further ado here is the video make sure
to subscribe if you're not a part of the
peachy family yet cuz things do get
quite creative around here enjoy this
video that Jeffrey made his link is in
the description below go follow him
right now we are walking
to sign the lease on our first studio
[Music]
getting a office in New York City that's
just such an epic goal
[Music]
[Applause]
and I just I could not wipe a smile off
my face like
[Music]
and I applied and I got it like I got it
out of my mind because I had no idea
what I wanted to do in life I was in
college I was battling my thoughts of
like oh my god just test it out stick it
out it legitimately never felt right it
never felt right but there are moments
and hobbies and things that I found
interest in that did feel right along
the way
[Music]
today I am a super-rad youtuber skater
by the name of John de
[Music]
I wanted to do something what one but
all the uncertainty in that time like
scared me if there really was absolutely
no
[Music]
and I'm or I did it tomorrow you know I
get freelance jobs doing it I just kind
of like kept chipping away at things
that are hobbies that could eventually
become a drop
[Music]
the two or three months after I dropped
out of college was probably tired of my
life that I have slept the least amount
but fast forward a few months I made a
viral video I got the Adobe Creative
residency and now I live in my dream
city and I'm feeling insanely thankful
[Music]
when you find out one thing that you
just have to do in life and it's met up
with a little bit of reality like not
something that you just love to do
something that also lovely back and you
put in the work and you put in the work
when it doesn't make sense
that's why I love to say when in doubt
creating when you're doubting yourself
when you're done
just keep creating keep working and you
never know was on the other side you
never know what's around the corner of
your next video uh turnips blog post of
your next test
[Music]
now
I feel like something is dreaming about
[Music]
and well